Api SystemCursorId (#497)
MicrosoftEdge/WebView2Feedback: specs/SystemCursorId.md

# Background

When an app is using composition hosting to host WebView, the current cursor
image cannot be determined easily by the hosting application. For example, if
the cursor over the WebView is also over a textbox inside of the WebView, the
cursor should usually be IDC_IBEAM. And by default, the cursor is IDC_ARROW.

> Currently, we return the what the cursor should be as an HCURSOR object (After

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, the `ICoreWebView2ExperimentalCompositionController.Cursor` property returns what the cursor should be as an HCURSOR object (After
```

> calling LoadCursor on those IDC values). The hosting application can then use

Author: I've removed the stuff in the parentheses as I agree with you. They don't really need to know what we do internally.

the HCURSOR object to change the current cursor to the correct image.

However, Office already has a well established way of using cursors internally
by using IDC_* values and there is no easy way to convert the HCURSOR object we
are returning into an IDC value after it's been created.

This new API is to enable hosting applications like Office to get the current
IDC value of the cursor instead of the HCURSOR as an option.

Note that this is a COM and .NET spec as WinRT uses a separate enum structure to
identify cursor IDs.

# Description

The `SystemCursorId` property will return the current system cursor ID reported
by the underlying rendering engine for WebView2. It is not meant to return a
value for any custom cursors, such as those defined by CSS.

It can be used at any time but will only change after a `CursorChanged` event.

Note that developers should generally use the `Cursor` property to support cases
where there may be custom cursors.

# Examples

```cpp
CHECK_FAILURE(m_compositionController->add_CursorChanged(
    Callback<ICoreWebView2ExperimentalCursorChangedEventHandler>(

>         [this](ICoreWebView2ExperimentalCompositionController* sender, IUnknown* args)

Reviewer: Where is `ICoreWebView2ExperimentalCompositionController` defined? (Is there another repo?)

Reviewer 2: This should be just ICoreWebView2CompositionController. We intend to use names in API docs to match what they should be when they are no longer experimental but missed some in this sample code which is using their current experimental names.

            -> HRESULT {
            HRESULT hr = S_OK;
            HCURSOR cursor;
            UINT32 cursorId;
            wil::com_ptr<ICoreWebView2ExperimentalCompositionController2> compositionController2 =

>                 m_controller.query<ICoreWebView2ExperimentalCompositionController2>();

Reviewer: Is m_controller the same as the sender?

Author: m_controller is the ICoreWebView2Controller. I can make it QI off of the sender to make it a bit more intuitive.

            CHECK_FAILURE(compositionController2->get_SystemCursorId(&cursorId));

>             cursor = ::LoadCursor(nullptr, MAKEINTRESOURCE(cursorId));

Reviewer 3: Presumably should verify that `cursorId != 0`?

Reviewer 2: Yes, good point!

            if (cursor == nullptr)
            {
                hr = HRESULT_FROM_WIN32(GetLastError());
            }

            if (SUCCEEDED(hr))
            {
                SetClassLongPtr(
                    m_appWindow->GetMainWindow() /* HWND */, GCLP_HCURSOR, (LONG_PTR)cursor);

>             }

Reviewer 3: This is the wrong way to change the cursor because it means that if you have instances of the class, their cursors step on each other.

Furthermore, if you tried this, you'd have noticed that it doesn't actually change the cursor.

What you need to do is set the cursor in the `WM_SETCURSOR` handler, and trigger a cursor recalc in the `CursorChanged` event handler.

```cpp
OnSetCursor(UINT codeHitTest) try
{
   if (codeHitTest == HTCLIENT) {
       wil::com_ptr<ICoreWebView2ExperimentalCompositionController2> controller2 =
           m_controller.query<ICoreWebView2ExperimentalCompositionController2>();
      if (SUCCEEDED(controller2->get_SystemCursorId(&cursorId)) && (cursorId != 0)) {
        HCURSOR cursor = ::LoadCursor(nullptr, MAKEINTRESOURCE(cursorId));
        if (cursor) SetCursor(cursor);
      }
   }
   return false;
}
catch (...)
{
  return false;
}

void RecalcCursorIfNecessary(HWND hwnd)
{
    POINT pt;
    if (GetCursorPos(&pt))
    {
        UINT code = SendMessage(hwnd, WM_NCHITTEST, 0, MAKELPARAM(pt.x, pt.y));
        if (code == HTCLIENT)
        {
            SendMessage(hwnd, WM_SETCURSOR,
                (WPARAM)WindowFromPoint(pt), MAKELPARAM(code, WM_MOUSEMOVE));
         }
    }
}

CHECK_FAILURE(m_compositionController->add_CursorChanged(
    Callback<ICoreWebView2ExperimentalCursorChangedEventHandler>(
        [this](ICoreWebView2ExperimentalCompositionController* sender, IUnknown* args)
            -> HRESULT {
                RecalcCursorIfNecessary(m_appWindow);
            }
        });.Get(), &m_cursorChangedToken);

```

Author: I agree that many applications may want to call SetCursor in their WM_SETCURSOR handler. However, this does work when the developer would only use a single window class for the WebView like you said and works correctly by changing the cursor in our sample app.

Do you think that the most common use case is through WM_SETCURSOR? I could add a comment to my original example reminding people that it changes the cursor for all windows using the same class.

Author: I see, that's the use case I wasn't thinking of then. With the current sample code, the user would have to move the cursor for it to work. A web page could potentially change the cursor without any movement. I'll redo the sample code.

Author: I updated it with using WM_SETCURSOR and tested it. I did move the hit testing to be webview specific instead of just checking for client space. Because of that, I had to move it into the WM_SETCURSOR handler since the handler can't differentiate between us calling WM_SETCURSOR or the system calling WM_SETCURSOR

            return hr;
        })
        .Get(),

>     &m_cursorChangedToken));

Reviewer 2: missing closing ``` for code samples and for IDL

# API Notes

See [API Details](#api-details) section below for API reference.

# API Details

```cpp
/// This interface is continuation of the 
/// ICoreWebView2CompositionController interface.
[uuid(279ae616-b7cb-4946-8da3-dc853645d2ba), object, pointer_default(unique)]
interface ICoreWebView2CompositionController2 : ICoreWebView2CompositionController {
  /// The current system cursor ID reported by the underlying rendering engine
  /// for WebView. For example, most of the time, when the cursor is over text,
  /// this will return the int value for IDC_IBEAM. The systemCursorId is only
  /// valid if the rendering engine reports a default Windows cursor resource
  /// value. See:
  /// https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/win32/api/winuser/nf-winuser-loadcursorw
  /// Otherwise, if custom CSS cursors are being used, this will return 0.
  /// To actually use systemCursorId in LoadCursor or LoadImage,

>   /// MAKEINTRESOURCE must be called on it first.

Reviewer 3: Probably should say here and in C#

```cpp
/// If possible, use the Cursor property rather than the SystemCursorId property
/// because the Cursor property can express custom CSS cursors.
```
